Add contributing guidelines (#9188)
ppy/osu: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guidelines

Thank you for showing interest in the development of osu!lazer! We aim to provide a good collaborating environment for everyone involved, and as such have decided to list some of the most important things to keep in mind in the process. The guidelines below have been chosen based on past experience.

These are not "official rules" *per se*, but following them will help everyone deal with things in the most efficient manner.

## Table of contents

1. [I would like to submit an issue!](#i-would-like-to-submit-an-issue)
2. [I would like to submit a pull request!](#i-would-like-to-submit-a-pull-request)

## I would like to submit an issue!

> When it comes to issues, bug reports and feature suggestions are welcomed, although please keep in mind that at any point in time, hundreds of issues are open, which vary in severity and the amount of time needed to address them. As such it's not uncommon for issues to remain unresolved for a long time or even closed outright if they are deemed not important enough to fix in the foreseeable future. Issues that are required to "go live" or otherwise achieve parity with stable are prioritised the most.

Reviewer: `Issues, bug reports and feature suggestions are welcomed, though please keep in mind that at any..` reads better.

* **Before submitting an issue, try searching existing issues first.**

>   For housekeeping purposes, we close issues that overlap with or duplicate other pre-existing issues - you can help us not have to do that by searching existing issues yourself first. The issue search box, as well as the issue tag system, are tools you can use to check if an issue has been reported before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For housekeeping purposes, we close issues that overlap with or duplicate of other pre-existing issues - you can help us not to do that by searching existing issues yourself first. The issue search box, as well as the issue tag system, are tools you can use to check if an issue has been reported before.
```

Author: *duplicate* is also a verb, fwiw

Reviewer 2: `you can help us not to have to do that` sounds a bit mouthful to me (`to` used twice), `you can help us not having to do that` still reads better IMO.

Reviewer: have sounds more correct to me, unsure what is grammatically correct because english is stupid.

>   For housekeeping purposes, we close issues that overlap with or duplicate other pre-existing issues - you can help us not have to do that by searching existing issues yourself first. The issue search box, as well as the issue tag system, are tools you can use to check if an issue has been reported before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For housekeeping purposes, we close issues that overlap with or duplicate other pre-existing issues - you can help us not have to do that by searching existing issues yourself first. The issue search box, as well as the issue tag system, are tools you can use to speed up the process of searching.
```

Reviewer: Original reads better.

* **When submitting a bug report, please try to include as much detail as possible.**

  Bugs are not equal - some of them will be reproducible every time on pretty much all hardware, while others will be hard to track down due to being specific to particular hardware or even somewhat random in nature. As such, providing as much detail as possible when reporting a bug is hugely appreciated. A good starting set of information contains of:

  * the in-game logs, which are located at:
    * `%AppData%/osu/logs` (on Windows),
    * `~/.local/share/osu/logs` (on Linux and macOS),
    * `Android/Data/sh.ppy.osulazer/logs` (on Android),

>     * on iOS they can be obtained by connecting your device to your desktop and copying the `logs` directory from the app's own document storage using iTunes,

Reviewer 2: may be worth to link?
```suggestion
    * on iOS they can be obtained by connecting your device to your desktop and copying the `logs` directory from the app's own document storage using iTunes ([read here for more information](https://support.apple.com/HT201301)),
```
